[WOLFWOOD grunting]
[RADIO HOST A]
This just in.
We've received an update
on the plant robberies
plaguing Noman's land.
Trusted sources say
the stolen plants
are being transported
to a facility in JuLai.
The JuLai government
denies involvement,
but the investigation into
the matter is ongoing.
So stay tuned for more updates!
[ZAZIE] Are humans going
to do more for my planet?
Or are plants?
Well, who should I let live?
I don't get you.
Whose side are you on?
[ZAZIE] You humans love putting
everything in pretty boxes.
We Worms don't take sides.
See, we are the planet!
[ZAZIE]
Here's what Knives told me.
Humans are too greedy to dream
of using plants correctly.
More over, he thinks given
the chance, you'll devour them
just like you did with your
previous planet, Earth.
You know about the
Last Run, don't you?
[ROBERTO sighs] That's what
Hundred Spoons has been
saving the red plants for?
[ZAZIE] It's either that
or let them go to waste!
So, humans or plants?
Who's gonna be better
for my planet?
[MERYL] I know there's a lot we
need to change. But there's
already humans raising flora
to take the load off plants.
[CONRAD]
You mean Luida. I'm familiar.
She's a geoplant specialist.
It doesn't surprise me she's
pursuing her own way
of saving the human race.
I am doing the same.
[MERYL] You call this "saving?"
I'm not so sure I'm convinced.
[CONRAD sighs]
Follow me.
[ZAZIE]
Mm?
[ROBERTO sighs]
Where are you going?
To find the truth.
Ugh. Why don't you just
tape a "Kill Me" sign
on your back, Newbie?
[MERYL] C'mon, this is our
chance to find out what
Knives is really after.
[ROBERTO groans]
[ZAZIE]
Aw, they were mine.
[JULAI CITIZENS chattering]
I guess this is JuLai.
Little different than
I remember it.
[WOLFWOOD]
The third and largest city.
It's basically a
fortified metropolis.
But thanks to their monopoly
on water-producing plants,
JuLai can buy all the
bullets she wants.
[WOLFWOOD]
Too flashy for me.
[CHUCK LEE]
Huh?
--[CHUCK LEE] Huh?!
--[WOLFWOOD] You dipshit!
You! I remember you!
Hold it! Come back!
You can run,
but you can't hide!
[VASH, WOLFWOOD grunt]
[MALE SOLDIER B]
Don't move! Or I'll shoot!
Right there, now you
be good boys for me.
[VASH chuckles]
Hey, take it easy there officer.
Why don't you tell
us what we did?
[CHUCK LEE]
Don't act so innocent!
Your pal's the Humanoid Typhoon!
Here to destroy this city, too?
[MALE SOLDIER B]
I won't let you make JuLai
the next Jeneora Rock!
[VASH gasps]
Let's go. Don't shoot.
Not the time
or place, Blondie.
[MALE SOLDIER B] My parents
lived in Jeneora Rock.
They were there
when it happened!
You destroyed it.
How could you?
[MALE SOLDIER B whimpers]
[WOLFWOOD gasps]
Look alive!
--[gunshot]
--Hey! You okay?
[CHUCK LEE gasps]
I did not give that order!
[WOLFWOOD]
Oh, shut it, asshole!
[CHUCK LEE]
Okay!
[WOLFWOOD]
Tsk.
[VASH]
Come on.
[WOLFWOOD]
What the hell, man?
Fine.
[MALE SOLDIER B]
After them!
[CONRAD] No doubt the
flora impressed you.
You must've thought it was
quite the breakthrough.
[MERYL]
Well, yeah.
[CONRAD] The issue with that
plan is the generations
it'll take to realize.
It's a gamble when mankind's
hardly promised another day.
[gasps]
Luida's ambitions are admirable,
and her beliefs hold truth.
However, time's of the essence.
And there's not enough
to change the world.
Well, something's gotta
change, so what is it?
[CONRAD]
Humanity.
Needing neither food nor water,
and capable of withstanding
the desert heat,
my goal was a new breed of man.
[MERYL]
You'd operate on people here?
You've seen my work.
E.G. the Mine.
Monev the Gale.
Livio the Double Fang.
One more... Wolfwood.
[MERYL gasps]
Our Wolfwood?
[CONRAD]
Indeed. Nicholas the Punisher.
He, too, is my creation.
You may have a death wish, but I
don't, so cool it, ya hear me?
Sorry.
They put a human in front
of you, and you just freeze up.
[VASH] I'm sorry,
but thanks, by the way.
Huh?
Well, you didn't
kill them, did you?
[WOLFWOOD]
How could I?
You got shot and
ran for the hills.
[chuckles]
Patch that up, Needle Noggin!
You pass out, I'm out, too.
[VASH sighs]
Loud and clear.
Holy...
[WOLFWOOD]
Those scars...
[laughing]
Yeah. How embarrassing.
[WOLFWOOD]
Tsk.
Your morality comes
at a price, I see.
[VASH grunts]
I know how they treat you.
Look at yourself,
you're a monster.
Whoever you don't scare to
death is disgusted by you.
They hate you, yet you
take bullets for them.
Makes no sense.
My body moves before I
can even think about it.
I can't leave anyone
in a tight spot.
[WOLFWOOD grunts]
And that includes you.
Well, I guess you
figured me out.
[VASH, WOLFWOOD chuckle]
Just itching to sacrifice
yourself, huh?
Think that'd make us
little guys happy?
[MERYL]
How awful.
They would've died.
They were all either a victim
of illness or poverty.
I saved them, in fact, and gave
purpose to their ordinary lives,
which had none.
Please. You kidnapped
orphans and the sick
just to toy around with them.
He's right, y'know.
[CONRAD]
You're wrong.
Nothing I did demeaned
them in any way!
Sheesh, relax.
That stick's even further up
your ass than it looks.
Drink up, Baldy.
[sighs]
My surgeries helped.
I made them stronger than
thought humanly possible.
[CONRAD] But that was it.
They still got hungry.
They still needed water.
Failures, all of them.
[gasps]
[CONRAD] They were nothing
like the Independent plant,
"Millions Knives." Not at all.
[CONRAD]
He is the ultimate life form.
[CONRAD] If surgical
efforts are to no avail,
we must alter the
specimens before birth.
So we did.
Through my own study
of lab-grown clones
and the help of Knives,
we created this child.
[CONRAD]
Behold.
You've gotta let her go.
[CONRAD] You see, its power
level sits somewhere around
that of a supply gate.
The child is neither
human nor plant.
[MERYL] What do you
mean "before birth?"
These kids are born!
You can't keep them here!
[CONRAD] Please understand.
I'm not doing this for me.
Everything that I've done has
been to ensure the future
--of mankind.
--[ROBERTO] Mm-hm.
You're despicable.
Then release me.
Kill me here and now to
atone for my arrogance.
You'll get your wish.
You'll save a few lives.
But before you strike me down,
know that you're eliminating
a world of possibilities.
[gasps]
[CONRAD]
Both Knives and I,
we look further into the future
than others would dare.
It's a rather lonely job.
But still, it must be done.
[ROBERTO burps]
In order to create
a new human race,
I'd be willing to pay any price.
If a twin dies, that will be
a tough loss we must take.
You're not fooling me.
"Save humanity," eh?
If you aren't gonna save these
kids right in front of you,
you aren't gonna
save a damn thing.
Poor baby.
[gasps]
Please, who are you to
pity the likes of me?
[ALL gasp]
[MERYL gasps]
[ROBERTO grunts]
[ELENDIRA]
That's why I hate humans.
You only ever judge based
on the parts you can see.
[CONRAD]
Elendira! Stop, now!
Quiet!
[ROBERTO gasps]
Run like hell, newbie!
You gotta be kidding me.
Now what did I tell you?
[MERYL]
I'm sorry!
[ROBERTO] Always dangling
our asses over a cliff!
[MERYL]
I'm sorry!
[ROBERTO] If worker's
comp doesn't cover me
getting skewered, expect a bill!
[whimpers]
I'm sorry, okay?
[ROBERTO, MERYL pant]
[ROBERTO]
That doctor's a freak show.
This whole thing's a trap.
They're trying to
lure Vash here.
We've gotta let him know!
[MERYL]
Come on, hurry! Hurry!
[MERYL, ROBERTO gasp]
I found you.
[grunts]
[gasps]
Huh? But how?
How could you kill
a poor baby like me?
The horror! The cruelty!
How could you?
See? Always judging
by the looks of things.
You humans are all driven
by discrimination.
You're a monster.
A monster? Should you be
pointing fingers, here?
I don't think so.
The real monster is you!
Hang on, newbie.
Just survive until the
elevator gets here.
Huh?
We're gonna run on
the count of three.
One.
Two.
Three!
[laughs]
[gasps]
[MERYL]
Vash?
[VASH]
Hurry, guys! Go!
[ROBERTO]
About time you showed up!
[gasps]
Punisher!
[ROBERTO grunts]
Our gunmen cut it close.
[MERYL gasps] We're okay.
How the heck did you--?
[ROBERTO]
Just call it a hunch.
[gasps]
Don't go! They're after you!
Trust me, it's a trap! Vash!
[gasps] It hurts! It hurts,
it hurts, it hurts, it hurts!
[shouts]
[ELENDIRA] It hurts! It hurts,
it hurts, it hurts, it hurts!
You hurt me!
[WOLFWOOD]
Pathetic. Zip it.
I despise you, Punisher!
Yeah, well, the
feeling's mutual.
We're the same, you and I.
[ELENDIRA]
We are absolutely not!
You're a jerk.
Just get out of here.
Gladly.
[VASH]
Are you okay? Lemme see.
You scum! Stay back!
You filthy traitor!
You should hear the way
Lord Knives speaks about you.
[sighs]
[WOLFWOOD] Hey, Needle-Noggin!
Don't let the creep get to you.
Let's go.
Agh! Come on! We can't
just leave them to--
[grunts]
Well, that's no good.
[ROBERTO]
Too close to the sun, huh?
[gasps]
Oh, no!
[ROBERTO laughs]
I told you so. Knew it
wouldn't be the booze.
Keep your paws to yourself.
It hurts bad enough.
I know. But the bleeding.
[ROBERTO coughs]
Pass me that flask?
[MERYL] This is not the
time for that junk!
[ROBERTO grunts] Will you
ever get off my case?
It'd just go in one hole
and out the one in my gut.
It's me. I did this to you.
[ROBERTO]
In a way.
I mean, you did limit my
smokin' and drinkin', so...
Not quite how I thought it'd go.
Head's too damn clear.
[ROBERTO]
Here, take it.
And leave you?
I can't just take it and go!
You listen to me.
You're calling the shots
from here on out.
Follow your heart.
[MERYL gasps]
No.
As stubborn as ever.
Guess that's...
...Meryl Strife, for you.
[gasps]
[ROBERTO grunts, chuckles]
Now go. I was just unlucky.
[thudding]
[MERYL]
I'm sorry.
[WOLFWOOD]
Not wanting to kill anyone?
That's just a coward's idealism.
A kid could tell you that.
[WOLFWOOD]
The only reason we get to live
is because somebody else died.
That's the way of the world.
[WOLFWOOD] I don't have the
luxury of thinking through
tough decisions.
[WOLFWOOD]
I have to choose.
To protect those dear to me,
and to protect myself.
[WOLFWOOD] Protection is
my primary instinct.
I do what I have to do.
[VASH]
For the orphanage, you mean?
[WOLFWOOD]
No, Blondie, for your jumpy ass.
You're so eager to die,
I doubted that we would make it.
But, hey, here we are.
[VASH] Wolfwood.
Just wanted to say thank you.
[grunts]
[KNIVES] She was killed
in the early days.
I keep her here as a reminder.
[VASH]
You've got to understand.
The humans aren't exploiting
them because they want to.
[KNIVES sighs]
What did you come here for?
I'm taking their
plant back from you.
[VASH]
Not just that.
All the robberies were you,
weren't they? Admit it.
It was you, Nai.
[KNIVES]
You'd dare accuse me?
All I've done is rescue our
brethren from the confines
of mankind's oppression.
[VASH]
Nai! They're not evil!
We can coexist, I know--
Silence!
[gasps]
[KNIVES] Your staunch defense
of humanity is no act of love.
Huh?
It's an attempt to
make up for the crash
that you caused all
those years ago.
[gasps]
[CONRAD]
Your contract is complete.
This is yours.
[WOLFWOOD grunts]
Risked my life, and all I get is
a crappy piece of paper?
I'll never forgive it.
What you did to me,
and what you did to Livio.
[CONRAD]
Nicholas.
Do you now feel you're able
to lay down your cross?
[WOLFWOOD]
I don't know, do you?
[sighs]
[CONRAD]
My stars! Nai?
You survived the Big Fall!
What great news!
It's a miracle!
[gasps]
What do we have here?
It's Count Lebnant Vasques.
Or shall I call you Bill Conrad?
[CONRAD gasps]
You choose. Die and rot
in the trash heap
with the rest of
your pathetic kind,
or let the souls of the
Sinners atone through you.
Your eyes, my boy. Forgive me.
What I've done to you...
can never be undone.
[CONRAD] I will atone
until the end of time.
[KNIVES] No matter how much
good you try to atone,
they'll never forgive you.
No matter how much
you fool yourself,
in their eyes you will
always be a monster.
[VASH sighs] I know humans make
sacrifices in order to survive,
but they're trying
to move forward.
I want to believe in them.
I pity you, brother.
Your mind is not well.
I will put you out
of your misery.
[gasps]
You're going to be born anew.
I'm your future.
You'll be the perfect
Independent like me.
Don't, Nai. Please!
[KNIVES]
All shall be even once more.